clarify registered vs facts (#45432)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_variables.rst

        - shell: /usr/bin/bar
          when: foo_result.rc == 5

Registered variables are valid on the host the remainder of the playbook run, which is similar to the lifetime of "facts" in Ansible.

> Both registered variables and facts are host level variables, but they are not the same thing.

Reviewer: How do registered variables differ from facts? Where is a user most likely to run into that difference?

Author: Several ways, but the main ones are:
 - precedence: they follow different priorities 
 - caching: facts are backed by the 'configured cache plugin' vs registered vars are always just kept 'in memory'

Reviewer 2: Can the suggested text include the precedence and caching details?

The text "which is similar to the lifetime of "facts" in Ansible." does not clarify the validity for me.
```suggestion
Registered variables are valid on the host the remainder of the playbook run.
```

The text "but they are not the same thing." also does not help me.

```suggestion
Both registered variables and facts are host level variables.
```
